if you're an influencer and you cheat on
your significant
other this literally can directly
impact your bottom line this directly
could make your fan base
turn on you you haven't changed the
value that you provide you haven't
changed the thing that they consume
nothing happened to them
but they're going to feel hurt and
betrayed because they put an emotional
investment in
your identity and who you are and what
your values are and they're going to
vote with their attention the little bit
that they might spend with their wallet
in terms of merchandise or donations all
that goes away and when their attention
goes away
so does the advertising shows the brand
and the algorithm also is reactive to
the audience
nothing happens if the audience doesn't
like you anymore or doesn't feel you
anymore your value
is literally tied to your likability
despite the fact
that the quality of what you produced
you being the product hasn't really
diminished
the perception of your market value has
diminished and directly impacted
everything
as an influencer you are directly held
to the standard and perceptions that
your audience has
or the standard or perceptions that you
set
you